In this world...
Is the destiny of mankind controlled by some transcendental entity or law?
Is it like the hand of God hovering above?
At least it is true...
...that man has no control, even over his own will.
We are reaching a crucial moment.
Our backs are to the river!
There's no way to escape!
Lay down your lives!
If you don't, we are doomed!
If we can survive... ...then we'll have won!
Feel no shame about shape.
Weather changes their phrase.
Even mother will show you another way.
So put your glasses on.
Nothing will be wrong.
There's no blame. There's no fame.
It's up to you.
The first words should be found.
Whatever holds you back.
I... ...can... I can get it off.
Tell me what... Tell me what... Tell me what you want.
I don't know why... Don't know why...
Don't know why you're afraid.
Tell me what... Tell me what... Tell me what you'd say.
I don't know why... Don't know why... Too late...
It's too late.
The Conqueror
This dry sand is flying everywhere.
I can't see anything.
Well, it seems certain that our army will win.
Did you notice everyone in the castle has taken off?
After all, whoever captures the enemy leader will get any reward he asks for!
So every last one of them is going after the reward?
What rotten luck! Here we are standing as sentries at a time like this!
Hey, what's wrong?
The enemy?
Where the hell did they come from?
Charge!
First formation, block off the castle gates!
Do not allow enemy messengers to leave the castle!
Got it!
The rest of you, carry out the operation!
Hurry!
There isn't a moment to lose!
Is that...
You go from the right!
On the double!
Cover the castle gate and the castle walls!
Forget about their command center!
Adon to the rescue!
It's you...
I'll give you credit for being a persistent devil.
I am well-known as the indestructible baron, Adon!
Everyone inevitably prostrates themselves before my great vitality!
I, Adon, already saw through all your cheap tricks long ago!
Therefore, I offered my services as castle guard...
...and I waited patiently as you marched ignorantly toward us.
You lie.
I do not lie!
Everyone, step forward!
Behold!
The Blue Whale Super Strong Heavy Assault Knights!
I purposely left my troops inside the castle for just such an occasion!
Now I am going to have my revenge for the previous battle!
Listen!
Do not allow any of them to escape with their lives.
Charge!
Let's go!
I'll avenge my brother Samson's death!
I give you no quarter!
What's taking them?
I have been kept waiting for Griffith's capture too long!
I have a report!
A single horseman of great skill blocks our way to Count Griffith.
Our armed forces cannot readily get closer to him...
You're all worthless!
Who the hell is this man?
Is there no one who can stop him?
General Boscone!
The general himself?
What?
Unbelievable... Stay out of it!
We'll be in trouble if we get caught up in this fierce battle!
Amazing!
That's our big sister all right!
Why is this?
Your swordplay is so different than before!
I wasn't feeling too well back then.
The hell you weren't!
Don't make poor excuses...
Wait until I'm finished speaking!
Why don't you keep your mouth closed for a moment?
The enemy has only a small number!
Don't let up! Overcome them!
The Band of the Hawk's future rests on this battle!
Thank you, Pippin!
Damn it!
It's just a matter of time before we're wiped out!
Just look at their numbers!
What are you talking about, Corkus?
Are you saying we should retreat?
I'm not saying that, but...
I'd rather go down fighting than run away!
Oh no!
Little Rickert has gone insane!
He's right!
I agree with Rickert!
My army is utterly overwhelming them!
Attack them!
Keep on attacking and overpower them!
Boscone, why are you spending so much time on a mere horseman?
Strong!
This guy is... ...truly strong...
I feel closer to death now than when I was slaughtering a hundred men.
I'm going to have to put everything on the line...
...or I'll die!
No...
I've been through worse...
This hopelessness is nothing compared to what I felt then...
How dare you... Only one thing to do now!
I am terribly sorry!
What?
I beg your pardon for my lack of courtesy. Please forgive me!
After all, I'm just a lowly commander following orders from the general.
Personally, I've never wanted any sort of grudge against you!
Now, now...
If it's this castle you want, please take it!
I'm the last person who would stand in your way...
...so please, if you would kindly spare my life...
What a disgusting man...
My clever ruse has put you off guard...
Big sister!
Foolish woman!
That was Ressha Jinrai, the secret art of the crossbow sneak attack...
...passed down the Coborlwitz family for one thousand years!
The tip of the arrow was poisoned, and it will numb your entire body.
Your days of sinful deeds are over, you little bitch!
I can't afford...
...to waste my time playing your foolish games...
...any longer!
This is bad...
My sword was chipped and cracked in that hundred-man fight...
This is the end... ...for the commander of the Raiders!
Here I come!
If you put down your sword like a good girl...
...I might consider letting you live, as my personal toy.
But if you refuse...
Take that, and that!
Take that and that and that!
Damn it, my body is numb, and I'm helpless...
Big sister!
Well, what are you going to do?
There's nowhere for you to run now...
For what you did to my face...
Be prepared to lose at least an arm and a leg!
Then you can tell me whether or not you want to be my captive...
...and I'll listen at my leisure!
Your legs go first!
What?
Impossible!
You were a fairly interesting man.
Despite being an irredeemable, revolting bastard!
Now!
The rest are no match for us!
Cut them down!
Now then...
Help the commander!
Get back!
You're no match for him!
Get out of the way!
Guts!
Take up that sword!
Damn, he managed to do it!
Amazing...
Utterly worthless!
That can't be!
The invincible Sir Boscone... You fools!
Even if the general's been defeated...
...our force still has the upper hand in this battle!
How can you falter now?
Governor, look at that!
What's that?
T-That is...
The enemy's flag?
Our castle surrendered?
What's the meaning of this?
Don't you get it yet?
Your commander's dead.
Your castle has fallen!
That can only mean one thing, right?
You've lost this battle!
We lost?
We really lost?
Everyone, shout!
Give a shout of triumph!
From now on, we will hunt the remnants of the enemy.
Only let the enemy pass if they immediately flee!
If they resist, exterminate every last one of them!
Wait, everyone!
I am the commander in chief!
I am still alive!
Griffith...
It's been a while, Governor Gennon...
Oh, Griffith...
I missed you so much.
You and I always helped one another.
So you'll let me escape unharmed, won't you?
I gave my own soldiers the order that...
...you were not to be harmed under any circumstances.
Of course you understand the feelings in my heart, don't you?
Not a day passed that I did not think of you.
We yearned for each other so passionately that night...
You will listen to my plea, won't you?
Don't tell me...
...you bear any ill will toward me?
I do not bear any ill feelings at all, Governor.
Oh, then you...
However, it upsets me when you speak of us yearning for one another...
...for I feel absolutely nothing for you at all.
Neither ill feelings nor otherwise...
What are you talking about, Griffith?
I took advantage of an opportunity, and you happened to be there at the time.
I just picked up a pebble lying in my path...
...and it happened to be you.
Y-You bastard!
At any rate, a chattering pebble can be quite a nuisance.
Unbelievable!
We finally did it!
Can you believe it?
Are you all right?
Yeah... I'm feeling a bit better...
Don't worry about me.
You must go and make sure that no enemies remain within the castle.
Right!
Hey, get moving.
We've got a job to do!
All right!
Hey, good job.
What's wrong?
Just a scratch...
But to tell you the truth...
I'd like for you to give me your shoulder.
Amazing...
Hey... I always feel like this...
Whenever I see Griffith surrounded by his comrades like that...
I don't know why, but my heart becomes filled with sorrow.
Because he seems to be so far away...
...beyond my reach.
That's not true...
Hey, what are you doing?
Let's go.
To see your captain.
Yeah...
No, it couldn't have been...
The time of the Great Eclipse is near.
And the devils will soon descend...
Doldrey Castle has fallen.
Thus, this war that we have waged for so long will be over.
Then Griffith will be free...
...to let his political views intrude into the administration of our kingdom.
He is presumptuous enough to do such things despite his low social rank.
His Majesty seems to trust him very much.
Because of his recent achievements, he will attain the position of general.
Is that true?
I hear His Majesty will be conferring the supreme title of White Knights...
...on Griffith and the Band of the Hawk, putting them on equal footing...
...with the White Tigers and the White Dragon Knights!
Ridiculous!
That will only swell his head even more!
He knows how to survive in battle, but the noble court is another story.
What is that?
Antiaris... ...a poison that acts instantaneously...
We shall use this on him...
Are you sure about this?
No matter what, our scheme must not be traced back to us.
We will not do such a thing ourselves.
However... Do not fear.
Your Majesty!
You can leave everything in my hands...
Looking back, the morning comes.
Don't find your face in your glass.
Take the moonlight by the tail.
It's a rainy sight. You're shading.
What is that?
It's just the same.
What is trying your crown?
I'm spending my glass, walking back.
So wear my glass. You're fading.
I'm waiting so long.
I'm waiting...
Next Episode Why does man aspire to reach the top?
To win thunderous applause... Why does man yearn for this so?
Dreams, ambition, love, hope...
Could this youthful arrogance be cause for others to strike one down?
Moment of Glory